so how can i be kind to myself while
seeking progress in my goals
i've noticed the reason why i never get
the things done
are i'm incredibly harsh on myself when
i fail
and i am a perfectionist not now that i
found those issues i'm going to adopt a
mindset of progress over perfection
while still trying my best my best to
being as kind to myself as possible
how can i go about doing this
i want to make progress on my goals fast
while getting the job done good enough
and not be perfect
i also don't want to put a lot of
pressure on myself and treat myself
and others with as much compassion and
empathy as possible so i don't take
make my mental health worse and i don't
lose track of my goals
how can i be kind to myself while making
progress on my goals
so this is a great question that is a
sneaky sneaky
question because what this person is
trying to do
is be perfect see this is perfection
this is being perfectionistic this is
perf this is perfection
you see this this is perfection person
is still chasing perfection you're going
to wind up exactly where you started you
all see that
oh yeah i'm not doing
a good job i need to be less
perfectionistic and more
self-compassionate
let me be more perfect by being less
perfect and more self-compassionate
see that tricky tricky tricky because
they're saying oh
i'm gonna be like achieve my goals fast
with self-compassion that's so op
let's go for op why would we want to
achieve our goals slow
let's achieve them fast with
self-compassion
and forgive ourselves when we don't
achieve it fast enough
but we still want to do it fast is that
is that
you guys get that same thing
same thing so what i would ask this
person is
why can't you achieve your goals slow
and then when i ask that question
it's gonna come out oh my god i can't do
that man like i need to do it
fast time is running out everyone else
is doing it fast oh my god
do it slow and be careful
because your mind will be like is there
a perfect level of slow
how do i do it slow perfectly
it's like it's a never-ending cycle
because this is how the mind works
your solution is coming from a
perfectionistic mindset
you're like how do i be more perfect
what's the perfect amount of
imperfection
how do i get that let's find the perfect
amount of imperfection
so this is where like you know i know
it's kind of weird now that i have found
the issues i'm going to adopt a mindset
of progress over perfection
because that's the perfect mindset
progress over perfection that's the
perfection i need to chase
it's tricky right it's tricky it's a
great question
and it's it's one that so many people
have because like i'm not trying to make
this person feel stupid
i i really hope i'm not but it occurs to
me that maybe i am
i'm i'm happy because like it's such a
beautiful question
and this is what people struggle with
because
the solutions that your mind generates
are coming out of the same ai that's
causing the problem
and so it's tricky so then the person is
like wait but what do i what do i do
what direction do i move in how do i
move towards it
and it's like you don't so if you want
to shatter this
completely take a zen approach you guys
want a mindfulness approach you're going
to zen approach
don't progress but
then what exactly
but then what answer that question
that's the zen approach the zen approach
is like taking a gigantic
mallet to your cognitive thought process
and shattering it
that's the zen approach it's tough it's
like requires a lot of
you know fortitude let me see if i can
come up with something
okay okay here it is
okay so how can i be kind to myself
while making progress on my goals
the real question can be how can i be
kind to myself
while not making progress on my goals
you see this this is a devastating
question
you guys can y'all tell what is in the
mind of that person
it's relentless man
relentless right like be kind to
yourself whether you progress or not
kindness isn't tied to progression
kindness is only tied to progression
when you're shooting for perfectionism
i know it's tough it's going to be
really tough
do you deserve kindness if you don't
progress that's the question you should
ask yourself
and the answer is going to be probably
in your head no
so that's tough right so as long as like
if you don't deserve
kindness if you don't make progress then
like
i can't so then i mean that's the issue
we've got to work on right
i'm not saying practically like just
just suffer
so we talk a lot about self-forgiveness
and self-compassion but i want you guys
to notice that like
i'm not going to play the game that the
question sets up because the game is
rigged
the real question is why can't you be
kind to your why do you need to only be
kind yourself like and progress like why
can't you accept
that it's okay to like not progress
i'm not saying don't progress what i'm
saying is
accept yourself if you make a mistake be
kind to yourself
if it doesn't work out and keep trying
i'm not saying don't try i'm not saying
give up
right subtle careful but you deserve
your kindness
either way you deserve your compassion
either way right like
when i kind of think about myself at 21
years old like i'm a bumbling idiot
right just because i'm
a bumbling idiot doesn't mean that like
i don't deserve a pat on the back and
like a good try and like let's get up
and try again
right that's what coaching is about
there's a reason we call them coaches
like they're not
you know teachers and they're not
therapists but they're like your coach
so it's like it's like the person that
when you you know
get knocked down or when you're knocking
yourself down they give you like a pat
on the back and they're like
hey why don't you get up and try again
when you're ready and i'm gonna be here
for you
and like how can we understand like and
they're gonna point out some things in
your thought process like this they'll
make observations
they'll help you understand why are you
feeling this way like what's going on
but the goal of coaching is not to treat
a clinical diagnosis
it's to get you back into the field at
halftime when you're down by 20 points
and like give it your best